point view out there goose and duck
hunting specialists
and we've quite a variety of lines now
for a number of years was hedgerow honey
and which geese are just about as smart
as we are sometimes they approach out
smartest we mix layup lines or con from
lines I've got a mirror blind which
quite a few 100 scum they enjoyed it set
it on lock out through the one-way
mirror we still use a hedgerow vines
we've got some pit blinds but of Easter
used to attending the field and they
also get used to the type of lines so
well there's proof guys of how things
went this morning I don't know I'm going
to try and get a close-up here of this
here Big gander man oh man he's right in
the center there the monster we at Point
view Outfitters welcome you to book your
next hunting excursion with us our
experience our hunting locations
abundance of game and pleasant
accommodations makes it one of the best
hunting experiences you could have in
Canada we offer several different
hunting and lodging packages for groups
or individuals please visit our website
point view outfitters calm for more
information you can also email us at
info at point view outfitters calm and
you can write us at the following
address
you